=head1 NAME

flocc - The Fast Lines Of Code Counter

=head1 SYNOPSIS

flocc [OPTIONS] [DIRECTORY]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The Fast Lines of Code Counter (flocc) scans a directory tree with source files
and counts the lines of code, comments, and blank lines.  After scanning it
prints a summary of counts split by programming or markup languages if found.
Flocc detects the type of the source files by the file extension.

The directory tree can reside on a file-system or as a git tree-object.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item -h

=item --help

List available options with a short description for each one and exit.

=item --version

Print version and copyright information and exit.

=item -g

=item --git

Switch to git mode and traverse the directory tree from a git object.  With
--git the [DIRECTORY] specified must point to a git revsion. The revision does
not need to be checked out in the working tree.

=item -r <repo>

=item --repo <repo>

Point <repo> to the file-system path with the git repository to use.
This is only useful with --git.

=item --json <file>

Store detailed numbers in JSON format to <file>. This will store detailed
numbers and the detected language type for every scanned file as JSON data.

=item --dump-unknown

Print information about unknown file extensions found. This is mostly
useful for development and testing of flocc.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Written by Joerg Roedel

=head1 REPORTING BUGS

Please report bugs directly to L<jroedel@suse.de>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2021 SUSE

License: GPL-2.0+ L<https://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.txt>

